DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"Showdown in Wardington!\"
KOMBA: Ahh cool!
So this is the new Bakugan Park!
Wardington is pretty sweet!
If you ask me, Komba, it's just another boring city
on your planet.
Hey, if you don't like here, then leave...
But if you stay...
better be ready for anything...
Whoa! I don't believe it!
After all these years I'm gonna fight along side
the one and only Shun!
I am so not worthy!
Oh, and I get stuck battling beside Grandma?
Nice to see you too, Harpus.
I don't know if you realize this, but if we defeat Naga,
this might be our last battle together.
Let's not worry about that now, Shun,
we have other things to think about...
But I would like to say thank you...
For everything you and your friends
have done for us Bakugan.
No sweat... I guess...
The sky is freezing! The sky is freezing!
What in the world's happening?
Ah yes...
Isn't it magnificent?
Hairadee!
There's nothing like a big entrance, I always say...
Now then, let's get down to the business
of annihilating you cretins!
If it isn't the charming Skyress...
I believe it's always good to stay in touch, don't you?
Especially enemies!
I didn't think you survived our last battle, Hairadee!
I was certain you were finished back in Vestroia.
You flattered yourself...
Naga ordered me to take a dive
and like an obedient soldier, I followed through!
But now I have only one order to carry out!
And that's to destroy you and all enemies of Naga!
Once you're gone...
The Infinity Core will be ours...
just watch!
Hey you two, would you zip the bickering so we can get
this party started?
Please, don't waste your energy, you can't hurt me!
Shadow Aggressor!
Oh no!
He's gone!
Hey, come back here you coward!
We just started...
Crystal Missiles!
Now wasn't that... some fun?
Heads up, kiddo!
Harpus!
What happened?
Harpus! Are you alright?
Now you're mine!
Crystal Jail!
Skyress!
I'm trapped!
Ability Activate!
Destruction Meteor Storm!
You can't use that Ability Card!
He's right...
There aren't any of your Abilities that will work
in my Barrier Field...
And don't even think about trying to gang up on me either!
We're powerless against him!
[laughing]
That's right...
My fine feathered friend!
Don't worry!
I'll get you out of there, Skyress!
Haaa!
Harpus! No!
You annoy meee!
[screams]
Shun!
Well then...
I think now is the perfect time to settle
our little score from back in Vestroia, Skyress!
Oh really?
[coughing]
So where are we anyway?
Some dumb castle!
What's wrong?
I've got to go back and help Skyress out...
There's too much at stake just to stay put
and let Hairdee destroy my only Bakugan!
But what are you gonna fight with, Shun?
Come on, not even you can take on a Bakugan
and battle it with your bare hands!
Don't worry about me, Komba.
I'll find a way to get the job done!
So cool...
Hang in there, Skyress...
You've always been there for me when I've needed you,
now it's my turn to pay you back!
And I'll do whatever it takes to set you free!
Trust me!
There's one thing a Brawler never does,
and that's leave his Bakguan behind!
Time to get busy!
Grandpa, hey it's me!
I've been looking for you everywhere!
Don't you recognize me, Grandpa?
Hal-G!
The name is Hal-G!
Loyal servant to the great Naga,
master of the universe!
What are you doing to me, Michael?
Leave my body, Hal-G!
Leave it now!
No!
You leave me alone!
Grandpa! Grandpa! It is you!
What's happening?
Alice...
Are you okay?
Grandpa!
Stay back...
please...
I'm sorry Alice, I've lost control.
Hal-G can return at any second!
I could be dangerous!
Is there...
anything I can do to help?
This all started when I was exposed
to the negative energy of the Silent Core...
The only thing that can save me now is being exposed
to the Positive Energy of the Infinity Core
before it's too late for me!
That's it!
Somehow I've got to bring grandpa
and the Infinity Core together!
But how do I do that?
Oh, I'm loving this!
That's it, Skyress!
Call out for you human master all you want!
Feather Storm!
I'll get you out of there, Skyress!
Harpus, save yourself!
That's not going to happen!
There's... no way...
I'd ever leave...
you behind!
We're in this together until the bitter end!
Thank you, Harpus!
Crystal Missiles!
Harpus!
Too bad you didn't realize earlier that you were
dealing with the greatest Bakugan warrior that ever lived!
But then again you made a choice to side with the humans.
Granted, a very foolish choice!
Oh and if by chance you were hoping that your little
human friends will be here to save your pathetic hides...
Not going to happen!
They're history!
That leaves me to finish my job!
Stop!
Soooo...
What makes you think you're in charge now!
But I do give you bonus points for backbone!
Hold on, Harpus!
I'll find us a way out of this!
Somehow!
Don't flatter yourself!
We will never lose to you!
You are the scourge of the universe!
You can't defeat me with mere words, Skyress...
I use my power!
Look ouutt!
[laughter]
Shun!
More Bakugan Battle Brawlers coming up!
And now back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Hey freaks!
Over here!
[\u266a]
Whoa...
What'd ya think, Shun?
Did I nail 'em or what?
Komba!
You thought I'd just stay behind
a let you have all the fun?
And besides, I really didn't have anything better to do!
Good timing buddy, good timing!
You ready, Komba? Oh Yeah!
[\u266a]
Alright!
Hey Skyress!
You see any sign of Harpus?
Or Skyress?
I'm sorry...
Skyress...
[laughter]
Too bad boys, but you're a little late...
I would have waited, however,
I'm on a bit of a tight schedule
and they were starting to annoy me.
And if you think you can save your precious Skyress,
you're sadly mistaken!
What'd ya doin'?
I wasn't expecting you to show your face!
Man, I've gotta help Shun out!
Impossible!
But... He-he's just a mere mortal!
Ability Activate!
Feather Storm!
Way to show 'em, Harpus!
With you backing me, Komba, we can't be beat!
We make one awesome team, don't we?
Skyress! Are you alright?
Speak to me? Please!
Open your eyes!
Do something!
Give me a sign!
Something!
Anything!
What's going on?
Shun, please tell me how Skyress is!
Whoa, that light!
Wait a second!
So, what do you think?
My Tentaclear's Gamma Ray nullifies Hairadee's Ability!
I thought it might help!
Way to go, Julio!
Shun...
I just knew you would come back for me...
Hey Skyress...
We've got a job to do!
Alright!
Anyone get the number of that truck?
Well, if it's a fight they want,
it's a fight they'll get!
Isn't this sweet!
My little play pals want to have some fun!
Bring it!
Watch this!
Shadow Aggressor!
He disappeared again!
Hey Shun...
what'd ya doing?
Hey, isn't anyone going after him?
It amazes me how you fools think you can defeat me!
Mannn, that dude irritates me!
I've had all I can take from that freak-a-zoid!
Ability Activate!
Gamma Ray!
What's going on?
My Shadow Aggressor's failing me!
Not to mention it's not working!
Go for it, Harpus!
Don't worry, I'm on it!
Feather Storm!
You're pathetic, Hairadee!
Gate Card Open!
What?
Hyper Merge!
My Hyper Merge increases our Power Level by 100 times
the number of Bakugan on our side while at the same time
decreasing our opponents Power Level by the same number!
Yeah!
Why you little...
Force Rain Rose!
Ability Counter!
We're not leaving without a fight, Bucko!
It's showtime, Skyress!
Let's do it!
Ability... Activate!
Valiant Fang!
Soar Green Destruction!
What a waste of time!
I should have destroyed them all
when they were down for the count!
Dive Mirage!
Whoa...
He ducked out!
No, he'll be back.
Bet on it...
He's just gone away to recharge himself
and then he'll be back to finish this.
You sure?
Keep your eyes peeled, guys!
He's back!
I'm done wasting my time!
Polaris Highlander!
Whoa! This dude means business!
And I've only just begun!
Make him stop!
Skyress!
Oh no!
He's got his sights set on Skyress!
I've got to shut Hairadee down!
[scream]
Ah man!
That creep just blew her off like a bad date!
[\u266a]
Harpus!
Try attacking the tornado from below!
I'll give it a whirl!
That's it!
Get into the eye of the storm and then shut it down!
The calmest part of a tornado is at it's core...
I can see him!
Good job Harpus, he's all yours now!
Feather Edge!
Skyress! Your turn!
What is she doing?
She can't be that big of fool
to think she can defeat the great Hairadee?
Okay, that is it!
I have had enough fun and games!
The fun and games are only starting, buddy!
Ability Activate!
Merge Flare Binder!
Destruction Meteor Storm!
Good-bye Hairadee...
You are a worthy opponent...
but I have chosen to protect the people of earth
and I must carry out that promise!
That makes you my enemy.
You made your choice to fight for Naga
on the Dark Side...
Now you must pay for that decision!
And pay you will, Hairadee!
This can't be!
[screaming]
Man, was that ever close!
And it's just lucky for you guys I showed up
in the nick of time!
We did it Shun, we really did it!
Oh, I hate to brag,
but with my power and skill and my quick wit...
there isn't a Bakugan alive that stands a chance!
Heeyyyyy!
Ah man, you were so totally awesome, Shun!
Wow! Can you believe it?
I am sooo proud of you, Skyress!
Ah... it was nothing, Harpus...
Really...
Hey,
what about me?
Didn't anyone see how brilliant I was?
If it wasn't for me back there, we'd all be toast!
We appreciate the help, but could you can it?
Yeah but...
... but it's because of me that you won!
Tentaclear!
C'mon, back me up on this!
Hey Skyress...
What is it, Shun?
It looks like we survived another one, huh?
You're right.
But if you hadn't come back when you did,
it could have been much different.
And I'd do it again...
Anywhere, anytime...
We're a team, Skyress...
Ah come on, put me down!
Put me down!
Hey, if you don't quit squirming,
I'm gonna drop you! [laughing]
Put me down!
Hey, this is Dan and the Brawlers are back in action
on the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers
as we take on Centorrior and Druman!
At first it's just me and Runo
but before you can say, \"Bakugan Brawl,\"
reinforcements come to the rescue!
Bakugan Brawl!
Lucky for us everyone joins the party,
but it's no cakewalk!
This battle is one that you won't wanna miss!
And to win, well, it's gonna take everyone battling
at their Bakugan best and that might not be enough!
Especially when Hal-G shows up!
That's all on the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers!